Terms and conditions:

1. Definitions and Interpretations
1.1 Unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following
meanings: -
"Agreed Signing Arrangement" means the signing arrangement stipulated in the Agreement by the Customer and accepted by the Bank for or in connection with the operation of the Bank Account and/or the provision of the Service(s) by the Bank, subject to such changes as may be agreed by the Bank from time to time;
"Agreement" means the Agreement for Bank Accounts and General Services (For Firm/Company) or (as the case may be) the Agreement for Bank Accounts and General Services (For Individual/Joint) entered into between the Bank and the Customer and, as the context requires, any amendments made thereto from time to time;
"Authorised Signatory" or "Authorised Signatories" means the authorised signatory or signatories designated by the Customer and accepted by the Bank for or in connection with the operation of the Bank Account and/or the provision of Service(s) by the Bank, subject to such changes as may be agreed by the Bank from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms 'Authorised Signatory' and 'Authorised Signatories' shall mean the Authorised Signatory or Authorised Signatories concerned together with his/her/their specimen signature(s) on the Bank's record;
"Bank" means The Shanghai Commercial & Savings Bank, Ltd., Singapore Branch, which expression shall include its successors and assigns;
"Bank Account" means such bank account(s)opened or set up or continued to be maintained by the Bank for the Customer under or pursuant to the Agreement and/or any other bank account referred to in the Agreement;
"Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday on which Singapore banks are open for business;
"Customer" means the person who has entered into the Agreement with the Bank and agreed to be bound by these Terms for the operations of the Bank Account and/or the provision of Service by the Bank, and includes the beneficial owner of the Bank Account;
"Service" means the services in respect of any Bank Account or any other similar forms of bank accounts and Internet Banking provided or to be provided by us to you from time to time.
"these Terms" means these Terms and Conditions for Bank Accounts and General Services and, as the context requires, any amendments made thereto from time to time. 

2. Instructions
2.1 The Customer agrees to give instructions to deal with all the matters in connection with the Bank
Account(s) and the Service(s) in accordance with the Agreement.
2.2 All instructions given by the Customer or any Authorised Signatory are irrevocable and binding
on the Customer. Such instructions may only be cancelled, withdrawn, altered or amended in
whole or in part with the Bank's consent.
2.3 The Bank shall be entitled to act upon instructions it genuinely believes to be from the Customer
or any Authorised Signatory. The Customer shall be required to sign a form prescribed by the
Bank to confirm any verbal instructions where the Bank deems fit.
2.4 The Customer is responsible for:
(a) the accuracy and completeness of all instructions;
(b) ensuring that the Bank Account(s) have sufficient funds for the Bank to carry out any
instruction;
(c) making sure that the Customer and each Authorised Signatory:
(i) follow the Bank's instructions in connection with the Bank Account(s) and
Service(s) and comply with all applicable laws; and
(ii) give to the Bank all information and help the Bank may require for it to comply
with its obligations under all applicable laws in any matter relating to the Bank
Account(s) and the Service(s).
2.5 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Customer agrees and acknowledges that the Bank
shall have the absolute right at any time, without prior notice or giving any reason therefore, not to
accept any order, request or instruction from all or any of the Authorised Signatories.

3. Authorised Signatory
3.1 The Customer is required to notify the Bank in writing of any appointment of an Authorised
Signatory and to provide the particulars and specimen signature(s) of such Authorised Signatory to 
Page4/27
be appointed, together with any other information prescribed by the Bank.3. Authorised Signatory
3.1 The Customer is required to notify the Bank in writing of any appointment of an Authorised
Signatory and to provide the particulars and specimen signature(s) of such Authorised Signatory to 
Page4/27
be appointed, together with any other information prescribed by the Bank.

4. Deposits
4.1 Subject to Clause 4.2, the Bank shall accept any deposit made by the Customer and arrange the
deposit to the Customer's Bank Account(s) of preference.
4.2 The Bank may, at any time without prior notice to the Customer and at the Bank's sole discretion
and without liability or disclosing any reason to the Customer:
(a) refuse to accept any deposit;
(b) limit the amount which may be deposited and return all or any part of an amount tendered
to the Bank for deposit; or
(c) refuse to accept any other instruments drawn to the order of third parties. Where they are
so accepted by the Bank, they are accepted without any liability on the part of the Bank
and the Customer will bear full responsibility for the correctness and validity of all
endorsements.
4.3 Any deposit that the Customer makes shall be in the manner or in the currency permitted by the
Bank and commission or other charges may be imposed.
Page5/27
4.4 The Bank shall have the right to debit the Bank Account for charges or any amount incurred at the
expense of the Bank if any instruments for deposits are dishonoured.

5. Withdrawals
5.1 Instructions for withdrawals by the Customer shall be made in writing or in such manner
satisfactory to the Bank and shall comply with these Terms. The withdrawal instructions must be
duly signed in accordance with specimen signature(s) and authorizations provided by the
Customer to the Bank.

6. Transaction Forms
All transactions in relation to Bank Accounts and/or Services or otherwise with the Bank (whether
or not also governed by these Terms) shall be effected by means of the applicable transaction
forms prescribed by the Bank for such purpose or in such other manner as the Bank may
reasonably require. The Customer shall be deemed to be bound by the terms and conditions
imposed by the Bank in respect of such transactions whether appearing on relevant forms or not
and whether or not the relevant forms or other documents required by the Bank are completed
and/or signed by the Customer.

7. Time Deposits
7.1 All time deposit transactions shall be made on a Business Day and within the Bank's business
hours as determined by the Bank from time to time.
7.2 The Customer may make withdrawals by submitting a withdrawal request in the form and manner
satisfactory to the Bank. 


8. Suspense Account
The Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Bank may place and keep any money received in
connection with any Bank Account to the credit of a suspense account on such terms and for such
period as the Bank may think fit.

9. Termination of Services and Closure of Accounts
9.1 The Bank may in its absolute discretion terminate any one or more of the Bank Accounts and/or
Services with or without cause, without prejudice to the continuance of any one or more of the
other Bank Accounts and/or Services which shall continue to be governed by the Agreement
and/or these Terms, provided that not less than seven (7) days' prior notice has been given to the
Customer.

10. Dormant Account
10.1 The Customer agrees that the Bank is entitled to consider a Bank Account to be dormant without
prior notice if the Customer has not initiated instructions and/or transactions in the Bank
Account for the last 12 months or such longer period as determined by the Bank from time to
time .


11. Interest
11.1 Interest shall not accrue on current accounts denominated in Singapore Dollars and foreign
currency accounts.
11.2 The Customer shall pay to the Bank all interest accrued on all sums payable by the Customer to
the Bank calculated from the due date to the date of actual payment at such rate as prescribed by
the Bank on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed on a three hundred and sixty- (360)-day
year or three hundred and sixty five- (365)-day year, in accordance with the Bank's practice for
the relevant currency.

12. Disclosure of Information
12.1 The Customer irrevocably and unconditionally authorises and consents to the disclosure of any
information relating to the Customer and/or in connection with any Bank Account and/or any
Service or any transaction made thereunder in writing or otherwise, by the Bank to: 
(a) any branch office of the Bank and any group member of the Bank anywhere in the world,
any of the Bank Group Member's subsidiaries or affiliates or their agents engaged to
provide services to them in their normal course of business;
(b) any other banks, financial institutions, debt collection agencies, agents, credit providing
companies, credit reference agencies, service providers or contractors;
(c) the Monetary Authority of Singapore, any regulatory body, any government department
or agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere;
(d) any person or organisation whether in Singapore or elsewhere, who are engaged by the
Bank for the purpose of performing or in connection with the performance of our services
or operational functions where such services or operational functions have been
outsourced;
(e) our auditors and any person or organisation, whether in Singapore or elsewhere,
providing electronic or other services to us;
(f) any actual or proposed transferee, assignee or successor of all or any part of the assets or
business of the Bank;
(g) any person to whom disclosure is permitted or required by the Banking Act (Chapter 19)
of Singapore; or
(h) any other person or entity in connection with any statutory provision, law or regulations,
including where required by any domestic or overseas regulators or tax authorities to
establish the Customer's tax liability in any/the relevant jurisdiction.
12.2 If the Customer is an individual, the Customer agrees to be bound by the Bank's prevailing data protection policies (Appendix B) as set out in a circular issued by the Bank (the 'Circular', as
may from time to time be updated or varied by the Bank) in relation to the personal data protection
laws and regulations of Singapore (including the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 of Singapore)
and on posting on the website of the Bank, and agrees that the Circular shall apply generally to the
Bank's dealing with the Customer's personal data. If the Customer is not an individual, it shall
ensure that all its individual agents and staff members who, in the course of their dealings with the
Bank with respect to the operation and maintenance of the Bank Account(s) and/or Services, are or
may be obliged to provide their personal data to the Bank, have read, understood and agreed to the
Circular.

13. Outsourcing
13.1 The Bank shall have the right to outsource or subcontract any part of its banking operations to
such third party (including but not limited to any party outside Singapore) on such terms as it
deems fit in its sole discretion. Such operations shall include but not be limited to archiving of
documents and records, and insertion and mailing of security and user identification codes.


14. Business Hours
The business hours of the Bank may be extended or otherwise revised by the Bank in accordance
with its business requirements from time to time. A notice posted on the website of the Bank shall
constitute written notice to the Customer of such change. All business transacted within the
extended or revised period shall be considered as having been transacted during normal business
hours in the ordinary course of business.


